README.md, before:

# Stream Errors Dashboard

This project is a static dashboard for viewing stream errors, served via Docker and Nginx.

## Prerequisites
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started) installed on your system
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) (for compose usage)

## Build and Run with Docker Compose

1. Edit `docker-compose.yml` to set your desired `BACKEND_URL` (default is `http://host.docker.internal:8080/cakeshop-service`).
2. Build and start the app:
   ```sh
   docker compose up --build --remove-orphans
   ```
   --build will always rebuild the image regardless if it's existence
3. The dashboard will be available at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)

## Build and Run with Docker Only

1. Build the Docker image:
   ```sh
   docker build -t stream-error-dashboard .
   ```
2. Run the Docker container (you **must** supply the `BACKEND_URL` environment variable):
   ```sh
   docker run -e BACKEND_URL="http://host.docker.internal:8080/cakeshop-service" -p 8081:80 \
     -v $(pwd)/index.html:/usr/share/nginx/html/index.html \
     -v $(pwd)/main.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/main.js \
     -v $(pwd)/filter.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/filter.js \
     -v $(pwd)/api.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/api.js \
     -v $(pwd)/ui.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/ui.js \
     -v $(pwd)/navigation.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/navigation.js \
     $(docker build -q -t stream-error-dashboard .)
   ```
   - The dashboard will be available at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)
   - If you do **not** supply `BACKEND_URL`, the container will fail to start and print an error message.

## Customizing BACKEND_URL

You can point the dashboard to any backend by changing the `BACKEND_URL` value in either the compose file or the `docker run` command.

## Development

You can also run the dashboard locally by opening `index.html` in your browser, but AJAX calls may be blocked by CORS unless your backend allows it.

Commit message:

PEG-1992 Disable SSL handshake and fix ngnix request forwarding

README.md, after:

# Stream Errors Dashboard

This project is a static dashboard for viewing stream errors, served via Docker and Nginx.

## Prerequisites
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started) installed on your system
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) (for compose usage)

## Build and Run with Docker Compose

1. Edit `docker-compose.yml` to set your desired `BACKEND_URL` (default is `http://host.docker.internal:8080/cakeshop-service`).
2. Build and start the app:
   ```sh
   docker compose up --build --remove-orphans
   ```
   --build will always rebuild the image regardless if it's existence
3. The dashboard will be available at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)

## Build and Run with Docker Only

1. Build the Docker image:
   ```sh
   docker build -t stream-error-dashboard .
   ```
2. Run the Docker container (you **must** supply the `BACKEND_URL` environment variable):
   ```sh
   docker run -e BACKEND_URL="http://host.docker.internal:8080/cakeshop-service" -p 8081:80 \
     -v $(pwd)/index.html:/usr/share/nginx/html/index.html \
     -v $(pwd)/main.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/main.js \
     -v $(pwd)/filter.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/filter.js \
     -v $(pwd)/api.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/api.js \
     -v $(pwd)/ui.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/ui.js \
     -v $(pwd)/navigation.js:/usr/share/nginx/html/navigation.js \
     $(docker build -q -t stream-error-dashboard .)
   ```
   - The dashboard will be available at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)
   - If you do **not** supply `BACKEND_URL`, the container will fail to start and print an error `message.

## Customizing BACKEND_URL

* You can point the dashboard to any backend by changing the `BACKEND_URL` value in either the compose file or the `docker run` command.
* Please note that when port forwarding is done, BACKEND_URL should point to host machine using reserved variable `host.docker.internal` and `localhost` will not work, i.e. `BACKEND_URL=http://host.docker.internal:8082/some-service` 


## Development

You can also run the dashboard locally by opening `index.html` in your browser, but AJAX calls may be blocked by CORS unless your backend allows it.
